netperf: add pages (#12075)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/netperf.md

# netperf

> Client-side command for `netperf`, the benchmarking application that measures network throughput. Similar to `iperf`.

> > See also: `netserver` for the server-side command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> See also: `netserver`, for the server-side command.
```

> > Homepage: <https://hewlettpackard.github.io/netperf/>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://hewlettpackard.github.io/netperf/doc/netperf.html#Global-Command_002dline-Options>.
```

- Connect to server on a specific IP address via default port (12865):

`netperf {{address}}`

> - Specify port:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specify [p]ort:
```

> `netperf {{address}} -p 12345`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`netperf {{address}} -p {{port}}`
```

Author: updated

> - Specify number of seconds to run sampling (default is 10 seconds):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Specify the sampling [l]ength in seconds (default is 10):
```

`netperf {{address}} -l {{seconds}}`

> - Force IPv4 (or IPv6):
> 
> `netperf {{address}} -4`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Force IPv[4] or IPv[6]:

`netperf {{address}} -{{4|6}}`
```
